One month has passed since the game started
and during that time, 2000 people have died.
However, not one person...
has cleared the 1st floor.
Not even I, who was a beta tester, have been able to reach the boss room.
But today, a boss fight conference for the 1st floor will be held.
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
Listen up!
I'll be starting the conference now!
Thank you, everyone, for responding to my invitation.
My name's Diabel, and my class is...
informally, Knight!
There's no class system, you know.
"Knight", he says.
Is this meeting a joke, too?
Today, on the highest level of this floor, my party discovered the boss room!
Seriously?
By defeating the floor boss and reaching the 2nd floor...
we'll be able to show everyone in Starting Town that this death game can be cleared!
It's our responsibility to do so!
Don't you agree, everyone?
Okay.
Now, I'd like to begin discussing our battle strategy.
For starters, we're going to split up into parties of six.
Of course, we'll be in the same party.
placeholder
The floor boss can't be defeated with simple parties.
Of course, we'll be in the same party.
Then I'll be the leader.
The floor boss can't be defeated with simple parties.
We'll need to assemble multiple parties to form a raid group!
Then I'll be the leader.
I'll be counting on you.
We'll need to assemble multiple parties to form a raid group!
Did you get left out too?
I wasn't left out.
The others seemed to be friends already, so I didn't want to join them.
So you're a solo player?
How about partying with me, then?
He said that the boss can't be fought alone, right? It'll just be for this once.
All right! Are you guys done partying?
Now—
Hold it!
The name's Kibaou.
There's something that I need to get off my chest.
I'm positive that there are some amongst you that should be apologizing to those who've died so far.
Kibaou-san, the people that you're referring to are the beta testers, correct?
Of course I am!
On the day that this crappy game started, the beta testers disappeared, abandoning all us beginners.
They monopolized the good hunting grounds and profitable quests, prioritizing themselves over others.
And afterwards, they feigned ignorance for doing so.
Some of you are sure to be beta testers!
We should have them kneel in apology and hand over the money and items they've been hoarding!
I cannot and will not entrust my life to such people!
Mind if I speak?
My name is Agil.
Kibaou-san, basically you're saying that
the beta testers should take
responsibility for the many deaths
by apologizing and offering reparations because they didn't look after us new players, right?
Y-Yeah.
This is the guidebook... I believe you have one too.
It's up for free at the item shop, after all.
I do. What about it?
The people who distributed these... were former beta testers.
Really?
Listen, this information was available to everyone,
yet many players died.
What I thought we'd be doing here was planning how to fight the boss
using what we learned from these deaths.
H-He's right.
Okay.
May I continue?
About the boss...
The truth is, the guidebook that was just mentioned had information about it in its latest version.
According to this, the boss is called Illfang the Kobold Lord.
Also, he has mobs called Ruin Kobold Sentinels guarding him.
His arms consist of an axe and a buckler.
When the last of his four health bars becomes red,
he switches to a curved sword called a talwar.
His attack patterns also change.
Amazing.
That information's thorough.
Wow...
That concludes the conference.
Lastly, concerning loot distribution...
the money is automatically distributed,
EXP goes to the party that lands the last hit,
and items belong to whoever gets them.
Any objections?
Sounds good.
Okay, we'll leave at ten in the morning tomorrow.
You're all dismissed!
It tastes pretty good, doesn't it?
Mind if I sit here?
Do you really think it's good?
Of course.
I've been eating it at least once a day since I got here.
I put a little twist on it, though.
A twist?
Try putting this on the bread.
Cream?
It was my reward for a quest called "The Cow Strikes Back" from the previous town.
If you want, I can tell you how to beat it.
I didn't come to this town so that I could eat good food.
Then why did you?
So I could remain as myself.
I'd rather survive as myself than slowly rot away in an inn back in Starting Town.
Even if I end up dead at the hands of a monster,
This game...
This world, is something I won't give in to.
No matter what.
I don't want a party member to die on me.
Worry about your life more, at least for tomorrow.
Let's review the plan.
We loners are to target
the guard mobs called Ruin Kobold Sentinels.
I know.
I'll deflect their pole axes with a sword skill,
so switch in at that moment.
Switch?
Could this be your first time in a party?
Yes.
Listen up, everyone.
I have just one thing to say.
Let's win!
Here we go!
Commence attack!
Squad A! Squad C! Switch!
Here it comes! Squad B, block!
Squad C, continue guarding and prepare to switch.
Now!
Continue switching and prepare to target the flank!
Squads D, E, and F! Keep the Sentinels off us!
Roger!
Switch!
This is the third!
I thought she was a novice,
but she has incredible dexterity.
She's so fast, I can't see the tip of her blade!
Good job.
Just like the guidebook said.
Stand back.
I'll go!
This is when we should have everyone surround it...
That's not a talwar—it's a nodachi!
This is different from the beta!
Stop!
Jump back as far as you can!
Diabel-han!
Diabel!
Why'd you go alone?
You were...
a beta tester, right?
I'm sure you know.
The rare item that comes with the last attack bonus.
You were a beta tester, too?
Please...
defeat...
defeat the boss...
for everyone.
When this death game started,
I only worried about my own survival.
Then... see you, Klein.
But Diabel, despite being a beta tester,
didn't abandon other players.
You became a leader and fought bravely!
You tried to do what I could not.
I'll help.
Thanks.
Our strategy's the same as with the Sentinels!
Got it.
Switch!
Asuna!
He's coming back!
Dammit!
We'll hold him off until you recover!
You're...
Watch out!
Reach it!
Asuna!
One last hit! Help me out!
Roger!
W-We did it!
Good work.
That was some remarkable swordsmanship.
Congratulations.
This victory belongs to you.
No...
Why?!
Why... Why'd you let Diabel-han die?
Let him die?
Exactly!
You knew the boss's moves!
If you shared what you knew
beforehand, he wouldn't have died!
He must have been a beta tester!
That's how he knew the boss's attack patterns.
He knew, but didn't tell us!
And he's not the only one, is he?
Admit it, beta testers!
This is bad.
At this rate...
...for everyone.
Hey, you...
A beta tester?
Don't put me in the same category as those newbies.
W-What?!
The majority of SAO's one thousand beta testers...
were amateurs who didn't even know how to level.
Even you guys are better than them.
But I, for one, am different.
During the beta test, I reached floors that nobody else could.
I knew the boss's attack patterns because
I've fought plenty of katana-wielding
monsters on floors far above this one.
I know a lot more than that, too.
More than any information broker.
W-What?
That's...
Forget about being a beta tester!
You're a cheater! A cheater!
Yeah, a cheater!
Both a beta tester and cheater...
so you're a beater!
"Beater"...
That's not a bad name.
That's right. I'm a beater.
From now on, don't think of me as a mere beta tester.
Wait.
During the battle, you said my name, right?
Sorry for addressing you informally.
Or did I pronounce it wrong?
How did you know it?
You can see an HP bar that isn't your own around here, right?
Isn't something written next to it?
Ki-ri-to...
Kirito?
Is that your name?
Yeah.
Wow, it's been there all the time, huh?
You can become strong.
So if someone trustworthy ever invites you to their guild, don't turn them down.
There's a definite limit for solo players, after all.
Then what about you?
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru